Part 1: Organization of Components:
The Christmas shopping website contains a display of items section and an aggregator section (or the cart of the customer section.) For the main section displaying the items that are available, components such as Filter, Products are used. For the aggregator section, Cart component is used. The functions component is used to pass down the event to render the items that appear on the page and change state according to actions triggered in Filter or Cart section. The library.json file is used to store all the information about the christmas items. The the Functions component, being passed down to App.js, would render the final webpage.

Part 2: Data Passed down through components & User interaction in changing state:
Example 1: Say the user clicks on "Order by Price" in the Filter component, and select "lowest"; this action will trigger the onChange, which uses props to call the function sortProducts in Functions, this function set state so that sort in the constructor would update to "lowest" and the function sorts the products by price from lowest to highest. The function is called in the render and the latest state is updated to reflect the sorted products on the webpage. Similarly, other filters like "Size" and "Category" follows the same logic. 

Example 2: For the aggregators, say the user wants to buy two sets of fuzzy fluffy socks. The user clicks on "Add to Cart", this action will trigger the onClick in the Cart component, which uses props to call the function addToCart in Functions. This function set state so that the item will be pushed to the empty list called cartItems in the constructor if the item was not there originally. If the item was there originally, the aggregator would update the number of that particular item in the Cart. The user can also add the number of items in the Cart section using the same function. However, users cannot reduce the number of the fuzzy fluffy socks below one in the Cart section by clicking on the "-", instead they will need to click on "remove", so that the action calls function removeFromCart in Functions and pull that item from the cartItems list.

